# Unique Vehicles Frame\n\nA Farcaster Frame for capturing and submitting unique vehicle sightings directly to your channel.\n\n## Features\n\n- Capture photos with phone camera or upload from device\n- Form fields for vehicle description, type/model, and location\n- Mobile-responsive design\n- Image preview before submission\n- Security features including rate limiting and image validation\n- Confirmation step before publishing\n\n## Setup Instructions\n\n1. Clone this repository\n2. Install dependencies with `npm install`\n3. Copy `.env.local.example` to `.env.local` and fill in the required environment variables\n4. Run the development server with `npm run dev`\n5. Deploy to Vercel or your preferred hosting service\n\n### Environment Variables\n\n- `BLOB_READ_WRITE_TOKEN`: Vercel Blob Storage token for handling images\n- `KV_URL`, `KV_REST_API_URL`, etc.: Vercel KV credentials for rate limiting and session data\n- `FARCASTER_CHANNEL_ID`: Your Farcaster channel ID\n- `FRAME_HOST`: Your deployment URL (e.g., https://your-app.vercel.app)\n- `CHANNEL_NAME`: Name of your channel (default: unique-vehicles)\n- `MAX_IMAGE_SIZE`: Maximum image size in MB (default: 10)\n\n## Deployment\n\nThis application is designed to be deployed on Vercel:\n\n```bash\nvercel\n```\n\nMake sure to set up the Vercel Blob and KV services in your Vercel project.\n\n## Farcaster Frame Integration\n\nThe app implements the Farcaster Frame protocol for seamless integration with the Farcaster client. The frame flow is:\n\n1. Initial frame with camera/upload options\n2. Image capture/upload step\n3. Form for vehicle details\n4. Confirmation step\n5. Success message\n\n## License\n\nMIT